hello I'm itk sorry your what I T K what
does that stand for in the know okay
sounds interesting
I'm one of the important people
important to whom to the tottenham
hotspur online community who interact on
message boards and blogs in what way are
you important I'm important because I
know stuff like what exactly I know
things sorry you are being a little too
vague for me can you perhaps elaborate
I'm privy to information that others
wish to know relating to potential
transfers incoming and outgoing and how
do you gain access to this information I
cannot reveal that so are you directly
connected or do you use a source I
cannot reveal that so you might know
someone at the club or someone who knows
someone or perhaps you just sit in a
tree all day and wait to see if anyone
turns up for a medical the latter pardon
I didn't say anything no comment right
so do you have any info to share today
are cutting ham about to sign an e
players the unicorn floats high above
but the wildebeest continues to eat the
crystal meth that has fallen from the
cloud jacuzzi where the sulking clowns
whistle for pie
what the fuck are you going on about I
just revealed the player in the club he
is signing from no you fucking didn't
yes I did no you fucking did not that
was just cryptic nonsense can you not
reveal something that has transparency
and clarity and is in a language I can
understand there is an 80% chance of
that happening you'll have to wait and
see what happens what a load of bollocks
I cannot just say it out loud there are
consequences it might actually place the
transfer in jeopardy revealing too much
would also make my contact susceptible
to discovery but I still feel the
necessity to show off about it and if
you really want to know
beg beg like the little bitch you are do
you genuinely have something to share or
what you said you had connections who
are we close to signing it's going to
happen what's going to happen my sources
say it's nailed on really oh great
finally who he was spotted in Burger
King at Heathrow Airport with two men
I'm listening it's complicated
it's taking a little longer than
expected that's the bottom line
okay it's complicated it's taking a
little longer than expected you just
said that you're repeating yourself no
comment Oh for fuck's sake I need to
know if something is going to happen
before it actually happens otherwise
when it happens it won't seem as great
as it would if I knew about it before it
actually happened don't panic mate it's
100 percent lined up press conference
expected shortly probably today should
be tomorrow otherwise expected next week
or the week after next can you not just
tell me the name of the player it's done
and dusted great really who first of all
please award me with a fancy icon to be
placed under the name of my online alias
on the message board I post on
preferably a crown or a white beard like
the one Zeus where God from the Bible
have award you yes I want everyone to
know I got one right I predicted a
transfer with a 50% chance of guessing
correctly therefore I have proved beyond
any reasonable doubt
that I might ek even though the transfer
story has done the rounds in various
media outlets and the internet I knew
about it before it was official I
warrant worship
give me my King of Kings avatar give it
to me now
I want my avatar give me my fucking
avatar this is fucking ridiculous okay
fine if that's how you feel it's a shame
you are displaying such unacceptable
traits by disagreeing with me and not
believing my every word I'm afraid I'm
going to have to ban you from this video
discussion your IP address will be
blocked this video is now invite-only
than me why what the fuck
because you are disrespecting me am i T
K you ungrateful son of a bitch have you
ever seen Tom Cruise in the Mission
Impossible movies escaping explosions
and missiles that is me that is an
ordinary day in the life of someone who
happens to be bestowed with this special
privilege all 633 of us we didn't ask
for this life so please i want my avatar
for the information shared and i want it
now what fucking information numbnuts
you haven't told me jack i've been
hanging onto your every word you
attention-seeking g bag you are spouting
nothing more than ambiguous guesswork
disinformation and non-committal
tittle-tattle based on assumptions and
basic analysis using the probability of
available players in their possible
destination now who have we fucking
signed tell me who have we signed okay
calm down
there is no harm confirming this now
that pen has finally been put to paper
brace yourself for this one it's big
it's monumental
I'm waiting
we have signed
joke-hole
chuckle yes Joe Cole England
International and Trixie midfield
maestro trickster
chuckle the one the only Joe Cole has
already signed for Liverpool it's been
all over the TV newspapers websites
teletext everywhere there was even a
press conference you dizzy motherfucker
would you like further clarity on this
he's a Liverpool player he plays for
Liverpool Liverpool have signed him does
it make it any more clearer for you Oh
is that all you have to say
there is still a probability his move
will hit a snag at the last second and
sign for tottingham instead but
Liverpool are now a firm favorites
unbelievable
I just heard Joe Cole has signed for
Liverpool I did say they were affirmed
favorites you astound me do not fret
Redknapp and Levy are currently deep in
negotiations and although nothing is set
in stone let's just say you won't look
among if you get crazy Gore's reishi act
printed on the back of your home shirt
Champions League final here we come
whoopty fucking do you truly are the
Oracle of inside information I know I'm
i T K
you